{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
WinnnieBrenda Waiya.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Document with our discussion.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 The region finder class is used to identify contiguous regions of similar colors in an image, it sets the image to the flood-fill regions in the image.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 The find regions is the main method that takes the target color as a parameter and is used to identify the regions in the image. Basically, it's a method that iterates through all the pixels, if the pixels do not match the target color, you then change the color, then proceed to mark it as visited by adding it into the toVisit list. Then after that, we visit all neighboring regions of this pixel to find out if their color also matches the target color.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 The largestRegion method returns the largest region in the image. It does this by iterating over all the regions and finding the region with the largest number of pixels.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 The recoloredImage method recolors the image so that each region is a uniform random color. It does this by iterating over all the regions and setting each pixel in the region to a random color.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 There are also some helper methods, such as colorMatch, which tests whether two colors are similar, the regionFinder method highly depends on this.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 Once a region that has similar color to the target color is detected, the recolorImage method chooses a random color and recolors it, this is the reason why after running our RegionTest class, baker is seen to have random colors.
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 The "CamPaint" on the other hand, allows a user to draw using a webcam. It displays the live video feed from the webcam. It also uses the help of the Regionfinder class to find the largest connected region, and then paints the region with that color as the "brush". The user can switch between displaying the live webcam feed, the recolor image feed with the and the painting being created. They can also clear the painting, save the recolored image, and save the painting as a file.\'a0
\f1\fs24 \
\

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 One limitation to the region growing is that it can be expensive when processing large images with many regions as you need to iterate through all pixels. It also greatly relies on color which\'a0
\f1\fs24 \

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 may not always capture the intended region of interest.
\f1\fs24 \
\
\
}